Translator: Alaa 'Mustafa Auditor: Riyad Almubarak
Well, this is like a police officer -
The Baltimore city police officer in particular, is named Robert White.
He gave me this outfit
When he and I became best friends.
But, you know, I met Robert for the first time -
Well, I first heard about Robert White as a teenager,
Then I met him later.
I met him just one month after he was released from prison.
He was in prison, serving a sentence
On charges of assault with the intention of killing two black men, with a gun,
And another punishment -
To plot to bomb a synagogue in Baltimore.
Now, I am a professional musician.
I wander around this country and around the world, playing music.
So how did I end up as a policeman?
He worked in the police station
During the day.
But he also had another job,
Which requires a different type of uniform.
It was the great dragon (leader) of the Ku Klux Klan
Of Maryland.
This is his robe.
This is what I wore
When he plotted to blow up the synagogue
When he planned to kill two black men with a gun.
To understand why I own these items,
Let's take a small tour of my life.
I was born in Chicago in 1958.
At the age of ten, from 1968,
My parents had to move to Belmont, Massachusetts -
A suburb of Boston.
I was one of two black children in the whole region -
At least in school.
I joined the boy scouts cub at the age of ten
Invited by some of my white male friends.
We marched from Lexington to Concord
To commemorate Paul Revere's journey.
The scout leader allowed me to carry the American flag.
While I was walking like the only black scout on this show,
With Girl Scouts, Boy Scouts, Boy Scouts and Cakes -
I think the 4-H club was there and some other organization -
While I was walking on the street,
Somewhere along the width road,
I started getting beaten up
With bottles, soda cans, rocks, and debris from the street
By a small group of white onlookers mixed with the entire white crowd
on the sidewalk.
It was the first time that I had experienced anything of the sort,
And I did not understand.
I thought maybe these people didn't like the scouts.
I didn't realize that I was the only one who was beaten up
Until the scout leader and the other scout leader came quickly
They congregated above me with their bodies
And accompanied me out of danger.
They never explained why, although I kept asking,
"Why are they hitting me? Why are they hitting me?"
What did I do wrong?
When I got home,
My mom and dad, who were not at the rally,
They were treating my wounds with Mercerchrome for wounds and dressings, and they asked me,
"How did you get down and get all these scratches?"
I told them, "I didn't drop."
I told them exactly what happened.
For the first time in my life,
My parents sat me at the age of ten,
They explained racism to me.
I had absolutely no idea what they were talking about.
It was inconceivable to me
That someone had never seen me,
He never spoke to me,
He knew nothing about me at all
He wants to cause me pain for a reason other than this:
My skin color.
So I could not believe my father.
But more and more accidents are starting to happen,
And I realized that my parents had told me the truth.
I didn't know why people felt that way,
But I realized there were some people who did that.
So at the age of ten, I formed a question on my mind.
That was the question
"How can you hate me when you don't even know me?"
So it arose,
In my teenage years,
Spending a lot of time buying books on black sovereignty, white sovereignty,
The Nazis in Germany, the neo-Nazis here,
The Ku Klux Klan, anti-semitism -
Trying to understand that ideology,
Trying to get an answer to my question:
"How can you hate me when you don't even know me?"
None of these books provided the answer.
So then, in my adult life,
I thought, you know what?
It is better than asking
"How can you hate me when you don't even know me?"
From someone who will join an organization
Whose historical hypothesis hates those who do not look the same
And those who do not believe in what they believe in.
So I had my secretary arranging my band and all that stuff -
I said, "Listen, I want you to have an appointment with this guy.
His name is Roger Kelly. "
You got Mr. Kelly's phone number.
Mr. Kelly is known as the Imperial Magician (governor's position in the organization).
Bob White was a huge dragon, meaning the leader of the organization .
The Imperial Magician is the national leader of the Ku Klux Klan.
I was told, "Don't bluff with Mr. Kelly, Daryl.
He will kill you. "
But I had to get an answer to my question,
And I wish it was not the final answer if I met him.
So Mary was given his phone number and said,
Call him.
Do not tell him that I am black.
But see if he's sitting and giving your boss an interview -
He wants to discuss the Ku Klux Klan. "
So I did.
Mr. Kelly agreed.
So we booked a hotel room.
Mary and I got there early.
In time, up to the moment, there were knocking on the door.
Mary jumps and runs around the corner, opening the door.
Mr. Kelly walks and his bodyguard.
The bodyguard was armed with a side weapon here on his thighs.
When they saw me, they kinda froze
Because they were expecting a white man.
I stood up and went like this to prove that there is nothing in my hands,
I got close.
So I said, "Hey, Mr. Kelly, I'm Daryl Davis."
I shook my hand, the bodyguard shook my hand.
And I said, "Go ahead, sit down, sit down."
Mr. Kelly sat down,
The bodyguard stood carefully to his right.
And we talked -
They agree on some things, different on other things.
But he told me -
He told me that I was not equal.
You are below standard. He was superior.
This was justified and determined by the color of my skin.
I was not there to fight it.
I was there to learn from him: Where does this ideology come from?
Because once you learn where it comes from,
You can then try to figure out how to fix it
And see where you go.
So we kept talking.
Maybe more than an hour in this interview,
There is some kind of strange noise in the room, kind like (unknown sound),
We all jumped.
And I popped out my seat.
There was a table between us,
I was ready to reach that table
And topple Mr. Kelly and the bodyguard
Because I knew that Mr. Kelly had made this noise.
I didn't know what that noise was; I couldn't distinguish it.
I kept hearing the voice of the person who gave me his number saying:
Daryl, don't fool with Roger Kelly - he will kill you. "
I didn't want to die that day,
But I knew it had made a noise, and I was thinking,
"What did I just do, what did I just say
To make him make some kind of strange noises? "
As you know, I have entered into what you call the survival mode.
In survival mode, people will do one of three things.
Some people, when you fear for your life -
Some people will be nervous and start to vibrate.
You can take a hammer or a racket and hit them on the head,
And they wouldn't fight back - just mm mm mm like this.
This is called paralysis with fear, and it is real.
The second thing that people will do
Is that they will try to escape as quickly as possible
To put a distance between the source of fear and themselves.
This is the best option if you can do that.
However, it was not an option for me,
Because you can't get past a bullet in a hotel room.
I was not armed, nor was my secretary.
The only person I know for sure was armed - the bodyguard.
You can see his weapon here.
I didn't know whether Mr. Kelly was carrying a weapon under his jacket or not.
He was wearing a dark blue suit and tie.
The third option is to take a preemptive strike to reduce the risk.
In other words, get them before they get it from you.
So I was about to do it.
When I got out of my seat, I was looking directly at Mr. Kelly's eyes.
I didn't say a word, but my eyes were speaking loudly and clearly.
In fact, my eyes were screaming very loudly, he could hear my eyes.
My eyes were telling him,
"What did you just do?"
Well, Mr. Kelly's eyes had focused on my eyes,
His eyes were silently asking me the same question
While the hand of the bodyguard was on his pistol,
Looking back and forward between me and the Commander of the Klan, like,
"What did you all do just now?"
Well, Mary - I realized what happened.
I filled the ice bucket in the hotel room with snow
And put some soda cans in it to make it cool
To be hospitable and offer Mr. Kelly a drink.
The ice melted
And I went out cascading under the ice,
Then it made the same noise.
We all started laughing at how ignorant we were.
Now, I will not say that this was a moment of learning,
But it was definitely a teaching moment.
And what was taught was this:
All because some "foreigners" -
Underline, highlight, and circle the word "foreign" -
The entity that we were ignorant of-
Being a bucket of ice and soda can-
I entered the small comfort zone of Dunya through the noise that it made,
We are all afraid and accusations of each other.
Thus ignorance breeds fear.
We fear those things we do not understand.
If we don't put this fear under control,
This fear, in turn, will generate hatred
Because we hate those things that scare us.
If we don't put this hate under control,
This hatred, in turn, will wreak havoc.
We want to destroy those things we hate.
Why? Because they make us fear.
But guess what?
Perhaps it was harmless, and we were just ignorant.
We saw almost the entire chain unfold until its completion
The bodyguard pulled his gun and shot me and my secretary
Because his job is to protect his boss and protect himself
Or, I attacked and wounded one of them, trying to protect myself or my secretary.
We have seen -
We saw the entire series unfold until its completion
Three months ago in Charlottesville, Virginia, two hours from my place of residence.
Because ignorance was present.
Fear was present,
Hatred was present,
The destruction occurred
When a white superior got in his car and tried to crush people
As a result, a young woman named Heather Haier was killed.
So we followed this interview.
No more accidents.
I will invite Mr. Kelly to my home.
He will come to my home.
His bodyguard will attend,
Who would like to sit on the sofa next to him.
Sometimes a bodyguard feels bored,
He pulls his revolver, and turns it that way
While Mr. Kelly and I spoke.
I will invite some of my other friends -
My Jewish friends, my black friends, my white friends, other people -
Just to engage in a conversation with Mr. Kelly.
Others, I wanted him to test different people.
This continued for a few years.
They didn't invite me to his house,
But he would have had dinner or lunch at my table, with me -
This inferior person I consider unequal to him.
A few years later,
He started coming home to himself -
A national leader in the Ku Klux Klan.
Then he started calling me to his house.
I will see the clan den,
I will take pictures and take notes for my own knowledge and things.
Then he started inviting me to the Klan meetings.
I'm going to these Klan meetings that have a wooden cross 20 or 30 feet -
Two beams tied together, wrapped in burlap.
The burlap was covered in what they call the "Klan cologne".
Known as diesel or kerosene.
And the men of the clans and the women of the clans are in their gowns, covers and flares
Show off in a circle around the cross,
The great dragon or imperial magician would say,
Clan men, stop!
And they all stop.
Then he says: "To God!" They say "to God!"
"For race!" "For race!"
"For the motherland!" "For the motherland!"
Clan men, come close to the cross!
They are all close to the base of the cross.
Clan men, light the cross!
They throw their torch at the feet and move suddenly!
This great cross will be burning.
Here you go - here you are gathered in a meeting with the clan men.
That's a conversation with a Klan member of a meeting.
Here you are gathered with the burning cross.
Now, they will give speeches.
I would like to take more notes and try to accommodate them and try to understand them -
Not because I believe in what they preach,
But I try to learn and understand what is the motive behind it.
So after a while,
CNN heard of this thing and wanted to write a story about me.
Introduce me as a musician.
Know who Mr. Kelly was as the Klan leader.
So they followed me to a meeting.
First, they came to my celebration on Friday night to show what I'm really doing.
Then on Saturday morning,
They followed me to the Clan gathering two hours from my house.
And they told me,
"Do you think Mr. Kelly will even speak to us?"
I said, "I will do better.
When this gathering ends,
I will make Mr. Kelly, the imperial wizard of Klan
Comes to my house,
You can meet the clan leader inside the house of a black man. "
They said, "Oh well."
(Laughter)
So they filmed the gathering.
And when the gathering ended,
I talked to Roger Kelly, and I told him what happened,
He agreed.
He drove without his bodyguards, taking two hours on his way,
He sat in my cellar and gave a CNN interview
This clip was shown every hour for 24 hours worldwide.
I'm going to show you now,
And I want you to pay special attention to what Mr. Kelly says.
He says that although he and I do different things together,
However, those things did not change his views on the clan,
Because his opinions on the clan had been entrenched in his mind for years.
Then he continued to say how he believes in separating the races
Because he thinks that this serves the interests of all races.
But listen to what he says about respect, at the end of the passage.
Please show the clip.
(Video) Carl Rochelle: Davis is one of the few African Americans
You will never find you attending the Ku Klux Klan meeting.
More than just attending, it's welcome.
Roger Kelly: I have more respect for this black guy
More than I have white niggers outside.
(screaming)
KR: It was a difficult day for the clan.
They gathered in Maryland
I found many locals reject the message of white separation.
After it's over, Daryl Davis is hanging around behind the scenes
With his friend, Clan magician Roger Kelly.
It is not uncommon for blacks and whites to be friends,
But it is not uncommon
Find a black man and a Klan leader who nicely drink orange soda drinkers
After the Klan gathered.
The relationship started with a book Davis was writing.
His secretary coordinated an interview with Roger Kelly
But she didn't tell him that Davis was black.
Talk and talk more -
Davis learned about the clan, Kelly learned about Davis.
RK: We get to know each other and do different things.
It did not change my views on the clan
Because my views on the clan
It has been deeply ingrained in my mind for years.
KR: Kelly and his Klan friends go to listen to Davis and his band.
(Music)
And Davis goes to their gatherings.
Daryl Davis: I sat in the front row,
And I heard all of the clan men talking.
Some things are agreed upon; Other things I did not do.
KR: Davis believes his presence enhances much-needed understanding.
DD: I think hate comes from fear -
Fear of the unknown.
And I think that is all,
Regardless of whether it was a Klan man or something else.
KR: But he has no illusions about the Clan.
If he does, his friend will hurry to free him from illusion.
RK: I believe in separating races.
This is in the interest of all races.
KR: Is it really?
Or that friendship overcame the color barrier?
Listen to Kelly at the Clan meeting.
RK: I will follow that man to hell and come back
Because I believe in what he represents and he believes in what I represent.
We do not agree at all,
But at least he respects me to sit down and listen to me,
I respect him for sitting and listening to him,
(screaming)
KR: The strange relationship of KKK and his black friend.
In Washington, I am Carl Rochelle.
CNN, on Sunday morning.
(On stage) Respect is the key.
Sitting and speaking - not necessarily okay -
But respect each other to express their views.
Because of this respect and my desire to listen
And his desire to listen to me,
He ended up leaving the clan,
And here is his robe represented there.
I am a musician,
Not a psychologist or a sociologist.
If you can do that, then anyone here can do it.
Take your time to sit down and talk to your opponents.
You will learn something; They will learn something.
When two enemies talk, they don't fight - they talk.
When the conversation stops
The ground becomes fertile for violence.
So keep talking.
thank you very much all.
(clap)